README.md, before:

# Campsite Finder

#### User fills out a series of forms and suggested camping locations are returned., 5/17/2017

#### By Jordan Loop, Corey Redding, Daniella Trulls, Beth Hansen

## Description

A web application that allows users to pick their style, setting, location and date of their preferred camping getaway. The application also displays addresses of campsites that fit their personal preferences onto a digital map, as well as includes pictures of the picked campsite.


## Specs

|                Behavior<br>Our program should handle:                | Input example<br>When it receives:  |                          Output example<br>It should return:                         |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|                     User selects a camping style.                    |          tent / RV / cabin.         |                  return what is selected and a corresponding image.                  |
|                        User selects a setting.                       |      mountains / coast / river.     |                  return what is selected and a corresponding image.                  |
|                          User submits state.                         |  Oregon / Washington / California.  |                            return campsites in that State.                           |
| Program displays content matching the user style, setting and State. |          push "Submit" button         | Returns matching campsite with cost for one person staying one night, and amenities. |
|           User submits a date for beginning of reservation.          |              04/06/2017             |                                 return selected date.                                |
|          User is asked how many nights they will be staying.         |                  3                  |                      return "3 nights" with corresponding image.                     |
|            User is asked how many people will be staying.            |                  2                  |                      return "2 people" with corresponding image.                     |
|            Program will display cost per night per person.           |          push Submit button         |         Returns total cost of location,  and google map of campsite location.        |
|         User is asked to enter their name and email address.         |    "Joe Doe", "JoeDoe@email.com"    | Returns "Thank you, Joe Doe! We have sent a confirmation email to JoeDoe@email.com". |
|                          User can reset form                         |          Press "Reset Form"         |                       Refreshes page starting the process over.                      |



## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone from GitHub Repository_
* _Open index.html using any modern browser_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs._

## Support and contact details

_If you need help, have any concerns or comments please send them to jordloop@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_HTML/CSS/Bootstrap_
_JavaScript/jQuery_

### License

Determine the license under which this application can be used.  See below for more details on licensing.

Copyright (c) 2017


## Acknowledgments

Michel Jasper:
We used Michel's code to display a dynamic google map.<br>
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1300838/how-to-convert-an-address-into-a-google-maps-link-not-map/7898520#7898520<br>
http://www.mikedoesweb.com/2012/convert-tag-to-google-maps-embed-automatically-with-jquery/

MadeByOliver:
Calendar Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver" title="Madebyoliver">Madebyoliver</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Night Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Hiker Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

MadeByOliver:
Dollar Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver" title="Madebyoliver">Madebyoliver</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Coast Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
River Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

MadeByOliver:
Cabin Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver" title="Madebyoliver">Madebyoliver</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Trailer Icon:
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Mountains Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Tent Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Commit message:

add about section to README.md

README.md, after:

## About
This project is the product of Epicodus' Intro To Programming course 4 day final project. My 3 teammates and I had been coding for 5 weeks and had little to no outside help aside from ourresearch. I have not updated the project (aside from About section of README.md) since we completed it as a testament to my level of understanding after programming for 5 weeks. The majority of time time was spent writing the scripts.js file, as well as adding some comments to index.html for readability. This was my frist experience working more then 8 hours on a project as a small team.

# Campsite Finder

#### User fills out a series of forms and suggested camping locations are returned., 5/17/2017

#### By Jordan Loop, Corey Redding, Daniella Trulls, Beth Hansen

## Description

A web application that allows users to pick their style, setting, location and date of their preferred camping getaway. The application also displays addresses of campsites that fit their personal preferences onto a digital map, as well as includes pictures of the picked campsite.


## Specs

|                Behavior<br>Our program should handle:                | Input example<br>When it receives:  |                          Output example<br>It should return:                         |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|                     User selects a camping style.                    |          tent / RV / cabin.         |                  return what is selected and a corresponding image.                  |
|                        User selects a setting.                       |      mountains / coast / river.     |                  return what is selected and a corresponding image.                  |
|                          User submits state.                         |  Oregon / Washington / California.  |                            return campsites in that State.                           |
| Program displays content matching the user style, setting and State. |          push "Submit" button         | Returns matching campsite with cost for one person staying one night, and amenities. |
|           User submits a date for beginning of reservation.          |              04/06/2017             |                                 return selected date.                                |
|          User is asked how many nights they will be staying.         |                  3                  |                      return "3 nights" with corresponding image.                     |
|            User is asked how many people will be staying.            |                  2                  |                      return "2 people" with corresponding image.                     |
|            Program will display cost per night per person.           |          push Submit button         |         Returns total cost of location,  and google map of campsite location.        |
|         User is asked to enter their name and email address.         |    "Joe Doe", "JoeDoe@email.com"    | Returns "Thank you, Joe Doe! We have sent a confirmation email to JoeDoe@email.com". |
|                          User can reset form                         |          Press "Reset Form"         |                       Refreshes page starting the process over.                      |



## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone from GitHub Repository_
* _Open index.html using any modern browser_

_{Leave nothing to chance! You want it to be easy for potential users, employers and collaborators to run your app. Do I need to run a server? How should I set up my databases? Is there other code this app depends on?}_

## Known Bugs

_No known bugs._

## Support and contact details

_If you need help, have any concerns or comments please send them to jordloop@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_HTML/CSS/Bootstrap_
_JavaScript/jQuery_

### License

Determine the license under which this application can be used.  See below for more details on licensing.

Copyright (c) 2017


## Acknowledgments

Michel Jasper:
We used Michel's code to display a dynamic google map.<br>
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1300838/how-to-convert-an-address-into-a-google-maps-link-not-map/7898520#7898520<br>
http://www.mikedoesweb.com/2012/convert-tag-to-google-maps-embed-automatically-with-jquery/

MadeByOliver:
Calendar Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver" title="Madebyoliver">Madebyoliver</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Night Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Hiker Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

MadeByOliver:
Dollar Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver" title="Madebyoliver">Madebyoliver</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Coast Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
River Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

MadeByOliver:
Cabin Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver" title="Madebyoliver">Madebyoliver</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Trailer Icon:
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Mountains Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Freepik:
Tent Icon.
<div>Icons made by <a href="http://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="http://www.flaticon.com" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/" title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>
